Update 100-nodemon.md (#1786)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/108-nodejs-keep-app-running/100-nodemon.md

> # Nodemon
> 
> The nodemon Module is a module that develop node. js based applications by automatically restarting the node application when file changes in the directory are detected. Nodemon does not require any change in the original code and method of development.
> 
> Features
> •Automatic restarting of application.
> •Detects default file extension to monitor.
> •Default support for node but easy to run any executable, such as python, ruby, make, etc.
> •Ignoring specific files or directories.
> •Watch specific directories.
> •Works with server applications or one time run utilities and REPLs.
> •Scriptable through node require statements.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon'>Nodemon - NPM</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5kE9n0fkcFc'>All About Nodemon</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodemon.io/'>What's is Nodemon & Features</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Nodemon

In Node.js, you need to restart the process to make changes take effect. This adds an extra step to your workflow. You can eliminate this extra step by using [nodemon](https://nodemon.io/) to restart the process automatically.

`nodemon` is a command-line interface (CLI) utility developed by [@rem](https://twitter.com/rem) that wraps your Node app, watches the file system, and automatically restarts the process.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/workflow-nodemon'>How To Restart Your Node.js Apps Automatically with nodemon</BadgeLink>
```
